Questions Basics

What is the main function?
	The main function is the first function which is called when the program is executed.

What is compilation and linking (of a C-program)? What is source code, object code, executable code?
	In the compilation process, the C code (source code) is translated into assembly or machine
	code (object code). The linker takes the object code and combines it with library files and 
	creates executable files.

How can you compile and link a C-program which is wholly contained in one file, say hello.c? How do you run the resulting executable code?
	You can use the C compiler to create the object code from the source code. Then the object 
	code can be linked with library files, which in combination can be made into an executable. 
	Example: 
	gcc -c hello.c -o hello.o
	gcc -c hello.o -o hello (-lm if one wants to link to C math libraries)
	In order to run the executable: ./hello 		

How do you supply the compiler with the description of the printf function? Why do you need to do this? How do you link the printf function?
	You supply the compiler with the printf function by including the stdio.h in the header of
	one's file. The preprocessor then includes the textual content of the stdio.h file in the
	file. Otherwise, the compiler does not know what printf is. 

What is stdio.h? Why angle-brackets in #include<stdio.h>? Hint: C preprocessor: including files.
	stdio.h is the standard input-output library file. It uses streams to operate with physical
	devices such as the terminal. The angle-brackets indicate that the C preprocessor must 
	include the file with the name inside the angle-brackets.  

How can you get the manual page of the C standard library function printf? Hint: there is also a utility printf in a POSIX system and man printf will show you the manual page for the printf utility, not the printf function from the C standard library.
	One gets the manual page of printf by writing "man 3 printf". By writing "man 3 X", one 
	searches for the manual of the X command in the library calls. 
	

What are the built-in data types for numbers in the C-language?
	Integer, double, long double (, complex is not built-in)	

What is the result of the operation 1/2 in C?
	We are dividing two integers. C tries to round towards the integer with smallest absolute
	value. Therefore the result is 0.	

In order to use the C mathematical functions, do you need to include any header files? Link any library? Hint: man sin.
	Yes, one has to include the header: #include<math.h>

What is tgmath.h? If you use tgmath.h do you need to link any library?
	It lets one use functions like cos with complex arguments. I believe that one has to link
	with -lm.